mning the dead has become a part of
daily
life ammed bids farewell to his
8-year-old
son one of several Palestinians killed
by Israeli air strikes in brafa in
southern
Gaza here benches outside Hospital
rounds become makeshift morgs where
families prepare loved ones for
burial my son is with God now he left me
here alone the Israelis are killing our
children and our women we're not wanted
people at all we just want to go to work
and come back
home nearly four months into Israel's
war on Gaza families say they're
desperate and exhausted
first they bombed Us in jabalia so we
moved to K yunas we were targeted again
in almasi we then came here to Rafa but
the attacks continue when the bombing
started I couldn't breathe I was
screaming for
help this has become routine for civil
defense and rescue crews taking the
injured to barely functioning hospitals
hoping they'll be treated and
survived inside conditions are
dire the floor often replaces hospital
beds the aid shortage crippling Gaza is
evident in the few health care
facilities still able to offer
services and this is what's left of
their neighborhood much of it now
destroyed Israel has intensified its
attacks on Rafa in the South near the
border with Egypt it's the city where
Israeli forces ordered Palestinians to
go the city where Israel said they'd be
safe now hundreds of thousands of people
who were forcibly displaced some of them
repeatedly have nowhere to go nowhere to
find
Refuge I'm still in shock we were told
Rafa was safe but it's not my mother was
killed in these attacks enough please I
just can't talk
anymore those who survived the bombings
grieve loved ones who didn't and wonder
what more Israel's war on Gaza will take
from them
kti
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer